2014.4:
 * Version 10.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for new XC7A15T, XC7A15TI, XA7A15T, XC7A35TI, XC7A50TI, XC7A75TI, XC7A100TI and XC7A200TI devices
 * Added support for XC7Z015I, XC7Z030I, XC7Z045I, XC7Z035, XC7Z035I and XC7Z100I devices
 * Added support for XC7K160TI, XC7K325TI, XC7K355TI, XC7K410TI, XC7K420TI and XC7K480TI devices
 * BUFG added to DRP Clock input
 * Line rate range for -2L speed grade 1.0V Artix devices updated to 6.25Gbps
 * Location constraint changed for Xilinx Evaluation platform boards

2014.3:
 * Version 10.3
 * Ultrascale GT Wizard version updated
 * Added support for new Ultrascale devices
 * Added support for XQ7A50 devices
 * Added support for XA7Z030 devices
 * Added support for user configurable DRP clock and INIT clock through IP GUI
 * Added C_EXAMPLE_SIMULATION parameter for post synthesis/implementation simulation speedup
 * set_max_delay constrain changed to set_false_path constrains to destination flops
 * XDCs compliant with updated timing constraining guidelines
 * Added support for Xilinx Evaluation platform boards
 * User selectable option enabled for GT DRP interface in IPI systems
 * Added support for auto propagate to INIT and DRP clock in IPI systems
 * Fixed gt_dmonitorout_out data width mismatch issue for Zynq devices
 * Differential INIT clock input added to Ultrascale example design
 * Addressed CPLL power down circuit requirement for 7 series Transceivers - refer AR
 * GT startup fsms updated to be complain with 7 Series GT Wizard
 * Addressed update to GTH/GTP Production RX reset sequence implementation- refer AR
 * Parameter declaration issue with IES simulator addressed

2014.2:
 * Version 10.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Ultrascale GT Wizard version change
 * Added support for XQ7Z045 RF900 devices
 * Fixed hold violation timing issues in Ultrascale device based designs
 * Updated channel bonding levels logic for >= 13 lanes in 4 byte mode
 * Fixed gt0_dmonitorout_out port width for GTX devices in transceiver debug ports
 * Free running INIT CLK is connected to VIO core in example design
 * Fixed latch inference issue in crc modules for VHDL designs
 * Updated CLK_COR_MIN_LAT and CLK_COR_MAX_LAT values for 16-GT (GTHE3_CHANNEL) in Ultrascale device

2014.1:
 * Version 10.2
 * Added support for Ultrascale devices
 * Added support for XC7Z015, XC7A50T, XC7A35T devices
 * Added support for automotive aartix XA7A35, XA7A50T, XA7A75T & XA7A100T devices
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator
 * Added Little endian support for data & flow control interfaces as non-default GUI selectable option
 * Fixed VHDL syntax issue on rxpmaresetdone_t signal for 7-series based designs
 * Updated OOC XDC with all the available clocks for the selected IP configuration
 * Fixed TXCRC and RXCRC modules to operate upon valid data and report correct CRC status
 * Updated core reset logic with tx_lock synchronization
 * Updated the simplex timer values for 7-series production silicon logic updates
 * Updated the hot-plug logic to handle clock domain crossing efficiently
 * Added recovery mechanism for channel bonding failure

2013.4:
 * Version 10.1
 * Increased the number of optional transceiver control and status ports

2013.3:
 * Version 10.0
 * Added support for XC7A75T device
 * Added startup FSM integration for 7-series GT reset sequence
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude Vivado Labtools support for debug
 * Updated line rate for A7 wire bond package devices for speed grade -2 and -3
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude shareable logic resources in the core. For details, refer to Migrating section of Product Guide - pg046-aurora-8b10b.pdf
 * Added optional transceiver control and status ports - Refer to pg046-aurora-8b10b.pdf
 * Updated synchronizers for clock domain crossing to reduce Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) from metastability
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Added support for IP Integrator level 0

2013.2:
 * Version 9.1
 * Artix-7 GTP and Virtex-7 GTH production attributes updates
 * XDC constraints processing order changed
 * Update for UFC packet drop in back to back data transfer
 * XQ7Z030-RB484 device support

2013.1:
 * Version 9.0
 * Lower case IP level ports
 * Hot-plug timer update
 * CDC fixes
 * New reset sequence for GTRXRESET in Artix-7 GTP Production silicon
 * New reset sequence for GTRXRESET in Virtex-7 GTH Production silicon
 * Out-of-context (OOC) flow support
 * Zynq-7000 family support

2012.4:
 * Version 8.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Artix-7 IES silicon support
 * Autoupgrade feature

2012.3:
 * Version 8.3
 * Artix-7 family support

2012.2:
 * Version 8.2
 * Virtex-7 HT device support
 * CRC feature addition
 * Hot-plug support for 7-series
 * XSIM simulator support
 * Native Vivado release

(c) Copyright 2010 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
